# memory
7/30/25

stream of consciousness-ish brain dump 

About a month and a half or so ago (wow time flew by) I finished school and, in this weird limbo space between finishing school and starting work, I'm back at home. Multiple times a day, I pass by the fridge and all of its attached photos. There's a photobooth strip on there from when I was really young featuring my dad and me from some Juicy Juice sponsored Take Your Kid To Work Day? Either that or the company just separately had an event with a bunch of outdoor stuff for kids. I'd wager that I'm probably 6 or so in those photos.

I know definitively that was one of the best days of my life and I don't even remember it. It's not entirely gone, I don't think. There's no evidence of it in the photo strip, but I'm pretty sure that the event was themed after Cars (2006). Huh maybe that means I was 4, although I think I look older in that photo. If I'm wrong and the event wasn't Cars themed, I guess that just means my dad's work was cool as hell and there was a separate Cars event. Anyway, that's all I'm left with: the notion that the event had Cars and the 4 photos. My smile is big and, more importantly, genuine and I've got one of those rubber chickens as a prop that I've opted to pretend is a hat. 

I wouldn't say I "miss that time" because getting bogged down by nostalgia can keep you from having your eyes on the present. That and the fact that I still haven't seen Cars 3 (2017). I think young me would be disappointed by that. Actually, no he wouldn't, I think he'd just be excited that there were 3 Cars movies.  

I think it's wild that I can't recall what I feel like is a core memory. I've never been good at imagining things in my head so maybe that's why. If you ask me to think of an apple, no mind's eye visual of an apple appears. I do however (believe it or not) know what an apple looks like. Ultimately, I just have internalized how the event made me feel. I like specifically Juicy Juice apple juice. I like hanging out with my dad. I like Lightning McQueen. I worry that if this strip never existed, I'd have forgotten entirely about the event. With no trigger, I can't bring even the bits and pieces I have to the forefront of my mind. 

I even have some supporting evidence for this hypothesis 🤓. There's a specific Burger King location that I've been drawn to at low points in my life. First place I went after coming back from school and worrying that my house was going to burn in a wildfire. I didn't know why. Why Burger King? Why *this* Burger King? It's not even the closest one to me. I drive double the distance (according to Google maps) from my house to the nearest Burger King to get to this one. At first, I thought it was simply because chicken fries are peak, and they are, but that wasn't it. It still didn't explain the attachment to that particular location. A few weeks ago, my grandma mentioned in passing that she used to take me to that Burger King when I was super young. I could eat and play in the structure, everything a child needs. I had/have absolutely zero visualizable recollection of this experience at ALL yet it clearly made a lasting impact. 

I've never been one to take photos of myself or even at things I'm attending. I've gotten marginally better about the latter so I have something to post whenever I actually get around to it and to prove to my future self looking back that I do more than homework and Brawl Stars. I have a hard time with that though because I don't think I do "enough" stuff so the camera clutter fills up space in the few and far between more memorable documented events. My focuses were school, a sport, and my friends for most of my life. That's what I did and I did those things well. I think my life holistically has been relatively plain, so not much that's worth documenting. That's not necessarily a bad thing, that's just how it is. However, just because it's not bad doesn't mean I can't have more.

All this intro?-retro?-spection has made me want to change that up a bit. I don't have any big plans, but before, I needed a reason for myself as to why I'd be doing something different from the monotony and I don't want that to be the case anymore. I'm going to go into nature every now and then. There's a nice trail with a waterfall at the end nearby-ish. I'm going to journal things down, maybe here, maybe in a notebook. Something to look back at in future. I don't want to just wake up and be 70. I've always had a very localized window perspective on my life and it'd be nice to see more. Chronicling things will help me see the effects of all the compounding efforts I've made, be that in my career or health or just the joy I derive in life. By observing past versions of myself that stand still, I can see how far I've come and take pride in myself.

that last line is inspired by the Barbie movie so I can't take credit for it if you thought that was a bar 🔥
> *"We mothers stand still so our daughters can look back to see how far they've come" - Ruth Handler*
